Grant County Press, March 20, 1903
Again we are called upon to chronicle the death of another of the dear old grandmothers of our county. Another sweet life is ended, another chair is vacant. On the 12th inst. the Death Angel visited the home of Geo. Yokum and claimed Grandma as his victim, aged about eighty-five years. She is survived by eight children, three sons and five daughters, a host of grandchildren, and several greaat-grandchildren. One son gave his life for his country in the great Civil War, since then a daughter and the staff and companion of her earthly pilgrimage, her dear, loved and devoted husband, have gone to their eternal resting place. Since her husband’s death she lived with her son, Geo. Yokum, Jr., and her name became a household word in nearly every home for miles around, but now, alas, she is gone to try the realities of an unknown world, relying on the promises recorded in the Blessed Word; and living accordingly she has changed life for eternal blessing.
Years ago, she with her husband, joined the Methodist Episcopal church of which she ever after remained a zealous and consistent member; thereby setting an example worthy of imitation by every one of her children and relatives. Her husband preceded her to the “Eternal Realms” a number of years ago and with beckoning hands was waiting her on the Golden Shore. She was one of the most lovable and motherly women we have ever had the pleasure of meeting. She was especially loved by the children of the neighborhood, whom she always loved to be with, telling and admonishing them to be good and to try and walk in the footsteps of the godly. Oh, that every boy and girl throughout the length and breadth of our great country could have such a mother as she has been. Crime and prisons would be unknown and in their stead love, respect and harmony would reign supreme.
On the 13th of March, a most beautiful spring day when nature seemed very active and when everything seemed to be revelling in the vernal pleasures, she was borne to the Mouse cemetery, followed by a large concourse of relatives and friends with sad faces, streaming eyes and sorrowing hearts, where that new-made tomb received its occupant. A little mound now marks the spot where “Grandma” reposes. She has gone from our earthly sight forever, but her influence will live on and on, and our loss is but heaven’s gain.
