Carol Sue Reed Cox  (March 28, 1940 - August 1, 2008)  

Carol Sue Reed Cox, 68, of Wellsburg, WV passed away, Friday, August 1, 2008 at Weirton Medical Center, Weirton, WV. She was born March 28, 1940 in Clarksburg, WV, daughter of the late Clee and Grace O’Bryon Reed. She was a graduate of Roosevelt Wilson High School, Nutter Fort, WV, where she was Valedictorian, and graduated from Glenville State College, Magna Summa Cum Laude. She was a retired school teacher in Hancock and Brooke Counties with 25 years service, as an elementary teacher in Hancock County, and Title 1 Teacher in Brooke County. 

She was a member of the Wellsburg United Methodist Church, Sunday School Teacher of the Susanna Wesley Class, Treasurer of the Susanna Wesley Class, and Member of the Administrative Council, Choir Member, and former Church Organist, Member of All Church Planning Committee, Wellsburg Kiwanis Club, and Club Pianist. She was a certified member of the West Virginia University Extension Service Master Gardener Volunteers, Hancock County, Representative to the State Master Gardeners Board, Member of the Tri-State Master Gardeners (TAMGA), Member of the Retired Association of School Employees -Life member of the State, and a member of the Brooke County Association.

Surviving are, Her loving husband of Leon Cox of 45 years, at Home, Two Sons, Stephen Cox, of Wellsburg, WV,Timothy Cox and His Wife, Kristen, of Murraysville, PA, Two Brothers, Kenneth Reed and His Wife, Amma, of Barefoot Bay, FL, and Joseph Reed and His Companion, Linda Gregan, of Philippi, WV, and Two Grandsons, Kevin and Brian Cox, of Murraysville, PA. 

At Carol’s request, there will be no visitation., and Pastor Carl Tribett will hold Memorial Services At The Convenience Of The Family. In Lieu of Flowers, Please may contributions to the Wellsburg United Methodist Church (P.O. Box 331, Wellsburg, WV 26070) or Tri-State Master Gardeners (TAMG) Hancock County Extension Office, P.O. Box 457, New Cumberland, WV 26047. Arrangements by the Chambers Funeral Home, 1030 Main St. Wellsburg, WV. 26070
